what's up this is Kasia yak films and uh
we're in Paris at Cafe de la danse just
got finished washing the SDK
pre-selection in Paris and this is the
GECK like you know she'll go once a week
we find some dope dance videos present
them to you and give you more commentary
about this so we featured a little a
month before and he's just as crazy as
ever having just released a video of him
doing one-handed hand hops with a kid on
his back it's funny because it was a
comment under the video asking him to
try to do air flares with the killer's
back that's how my hair flair looks
without a 30 kilo kid on me oki films
recently created a dance video with
fringe b-boy colonies Khalil is well
known for his strong air chair
variations and transitions and many of
his combos are featured in this clip
which you know is good receiving over
25,000 views in just about two weeks in
our last video is called game over by MC
pika made by the same guy who brought us
the trailer of b-boy guns session
because I llegando he recently made a
video that makes his Russian be boys
parkour and tricky but it was shot in a
forest with an atmospheric feeling
similar to the Blair Witch Project I'm
Buster is no price real
like smoke those niggas more by the way
our bonus in here this week is a recap
of an event called SDK the street dance
camp it's an event that happens in the
Czech Republic it's a seven day long
camp that features workshops with
there's us from all over the world as
well as battles that have had pre
selections in a lot of countries
including Russia Paris London latvia
Poland the Ukraine Sweden Switzerland
Germany and of course the Czech Republic
this video tries to give you an idea of
the surrounding area where all the
workshops take place and the battle
element that happens but after parties
not to come to see for yourself thanks
again for watching the movie you have
time to watch these videos in full and
hear more commentary about them you can
click the button right above my head
that says start playlist it's right in
front of that annoying light you can
also check out last week's you act like
you know it's right here on the side
it's got b-boying experimental dance and
even club in Africa in Liberia check it
out and you act like you know